12th Oktober 2019

Working in a cafe what are the goals I need to set for today?

Currently cleaning up a lot of technical debt obtained from experimentation. 

	Split MalePlayer.cpp - Should I use a new naming structure?
	Create a Player Controller class and keep some of the necessary variables available.

	FINISHED Replace Constants.h with "SideScrollingDemoTypes.h"
		Contains same information just rename it to be more helpful and include it in the game header to fix the issues	


	Learn more ActionRPG/PlatformerGame about implementing a slide mechanic for the player 



	FINISHED: Seperate file structure to match professional public/private settings

	FINSIHED: SSD has now replaced SideScrollingDemoTypes.h instead of constants.hWas not able to successfully replace constants.h having issues with new type not being included

13-10-19

	Create game instance and saving



// Side Scrolling Demo Design Document


15-22 - Oktober - 2019

Character/Player
	Main player Character


		DamageSystemComponent:
			ATTACK:	 Basic attack uses only a handful of frames to occupy a space in front of him with a vertical slice attack, 
				 	 continuing the attack leads to a long reaching horizontal slash 
			TAKE_DAMAGE: Trigger whenever an enemy character inflicts damage to the player or player touches obstacle
			
			INFLICT_DAMAGE: 

			Post damage immunity

	Animations:

		Idle 
		Walking
		Running

		Equip 
		Unequip

		Rest
			Will double as save animation and opening animation title screen being save point

		Knock Back - Take Damage
		Collapse - Default Death animation

		Climb on Walls (Maybe called "cling" instead of "climb")
			Attack animation
		Grind on rail

		Boss monster reaction
			Unique unequip/branish scythe 

		Attacking
			Neutral Attack
				Upward slice in large semicircle facing in the characters direction
			Combo Attack 1
				Horizontal slice in front reaches further but doesn't hit low or high characters

			Airbourne 
				Circular windmill motion Cloud Nair

			Climb on walls
				Top to bottom slash, doesn't extend very far from the player, reaches slightly above and below

			Grind
				Similar to Combo Attack 1 angled with character orientation



	Movement:

		Traditional platforming elements players are use to. Accelerating to maximum speed nearly instintaneously and changing direction rapidly with no consequence. Environment will dictate how much friction the player has when moving. Standard amount allows player to move and land without any sliding, maximum drag

		JUMP:	 	Players jump is split between its ascent and descent. With gravity effecting the player at a different scalar 
				 	each time. REASON: Having a faster descent keeps the pace of the game snappy, inspired by Super Mario Bros	l
				 	lands with little momentum
		CLIMB:	 	Certain walls in the environment will have a "cling" feature allowing the player to stick to them and leap 
					off. They could slide down, returning to regular "MOVE_Walking" when hitting the ground or "MOVE_Falling" if the wall ledge ends. 
				 	Debating about using the CLIMB/CLING mechanic for vertical ascent fo the same wall
		GRIND:		When colliding with a "Rail" component, player will stick in the same fashion as Sonic Adventure 2 Battle, 
					following the path of the rail with a minimum acceleration and also effected by gravity. Jumping off rail 
				 	translates 	 
		BACKDASH:	Leap backwards quickly stolen from Symphony of the Night


Enemies

	Enemy Character commonalities

		Capsule Component - Body occupying Space
		Character Movement Component - Will be customized by children
		Damage system - Base function implementation, if nothing call super 
			Perhaps damage system needs to be entire actor component

		Health


	WORM:
		Embedded in vertical walls to attack player during "Climb" mechanic
		Spline Component - Used as a railing to move back and forth across 
		Shape traces an area, if player overlaps spring forward and bite the character and do damage
		Health = 1
		Damage = 1

		Knocks players off vertical wall and does damage
			Couple it with bottemless pits to increase frustration
		
		Can only be hit when player triggers them in their range

		Slide past them quickly stop right below them and attack while they are exposed

		Animation:
			Idle
				Hiding within wall only pincers barely peeking out
			Spring Out
			Retreat into burrow


	FALCON:
		Idle position is flying in a figure 8
		When player is spotted it dives bombs the player
		INTENT knock player otherwise simplistic platforming challenges
		Health = 1
		Damage = 1
		Mainly due to it being a platforming announce keeps attacking until they die

		Animation:
			Idle flying
			Dive bomb w/ antcipation 
			Retreat 


	MAMMALIAN TOAD:
		Movement Character movement walk back and forth around a central point. If player is spotted lunge at hit biting attack if successful dart toward central point bury itself despawn

		Goomba-esque enemy

		Animation:
			Idle
			Walk
			Alert
			Lunge w/ anticpation
			Bite
			Dig

Save Point
	These are very vital areas that give the game its tone and charm. Save points will be scattered through the map and reflect very beautiful quiet moments within the game. The camera may pan and paint some sort of picturesque environment. Each one of the 

Obstacles 
		RAIL: Allows player to increase vertical position
				Increases platforming option
				Speed increase going down and can be added to jump momentum
					(May have to increase max airbourne velocity)


		FALLING PLATFORM: Shakes minor amount then collapses
							Current: Moves down when player collides at a constant rate
							Visual: Rocks stacked on the side of the mountains, when landed on they shakes (animate) then falls apart removing the platform. After enough time passes rock assets glow and then revert back into their regular position. 

		MOVING PLATFORM: Moves back and forth between set coordinates

		//WATERFALL: Causes player vertical and horizontal movement to be stunted BONUS: Darken shader on clothes to show wet


Menus:
	Main Menu: Constantly changing depending on where player saved with respectively different music
		Small font on the bottom "press start"
		Game title located in the top right corner or custom depending on save sight

		Fraktur style font

	Pause Menu: When character pauses the game similar to kingdom hearts battle pause maybe add animation
	Death menu: plays after characters HP drops to zero continue or quit the game pops up
					Continue takes you back to the last save point
					Quit closes the application

	Game menu HUD:	health of player - think of some organic way to add it and not use the UI

	Credits: A long list of names that just say Jake


Game Modes:
	Main: Control the player and interact with the environment
	

Loading Screen: All sample projects have a customized loading screen, if project requires loading make it interesting


Unique Components
	
	DamageSystemComponent

		DamageSystem();
		virtual void TakeDamage
		
		//Override this to do ShapeTrace
		virtual void InflictDamage
		float Health
		float AtkDamage












22 - 10 - 2019

Cleaned up Game Design Document - DONE
Fixed broken build (SSDCharacter && SSDPlayerMovementComponent) - DONE


23 - 10 - 2019

Character has weird rotation when instantiated - DONE // Set World Rotation called after making it root component removed both
SSDCharacter Rotation rate - DONE


TODO:
Add Animations to SSDCharacter
Add custom blender asset to SSDCharacter
Import UE4 Skeleton into blender make animation movements
	Would be a shocker if there was no animations done in Blender


26 - 10 - 2019

FIXED Character rotation
Created constructor for movement
Created custom events for anim notifies 
Wrenched on Trigger Climb Movement
	Still Needs work to compare to original and some hard numbers require variables

TODO: Import custom scythe asset/Attach to player
	  Perhaps don't use rama melee component instead spawn a an asset that occupies an area


2 - 11 - 2019

[Polish] - Character Direction is facing when lands on wall
[Polish] - Added Character Rotation to face away from wall

TODO:
	[Polish] - Hide character mesh when respawning

https://imgur.com/a/6NJYEgr

I would like a character sketch of medieval farmer peasant taking up arms. Main features include the hair shaved on both sides and slicked back at the top, as depicted in the first picture. Gaunt, hollow, cheek bones and a bit of dark circles under the eyes. No beard though.

In the second picture is the under shirt of the tunic, with a neck on the clothing. Although the picture shows the cloth around the neck as being tight I would like it more loose fitting, not gripping the neck, lying loosely on the shoulders revealing the top half of the neck, with the application of stretching it over the mouth.

The third image is the weapon he is wielding. A scythe with a handle and a slight bend at the top. It was a render I did myself so its not the best example, but I think I got the basic idea down.

Finally the clothes hes wearing is a traditional style tunic, pants, and boots like the last picture. The tunic rests on top of the neck shirt, however I would prefer the tunic be slimmer and more fitted to the character. With the left sleeve of the tunic torn off and missing, only showing the sleeve of the undershirt on that side.

The characters has a muscular yet skinny build. Someone who has worked doing manual labor his whole life and is fit, as a result, but never had a chance to eat his fill. More akin to a skeleton with muscles.

I'm trying to go for a person who in the middle of the night if spotted from a distance would bare a slight resemblance to the Grim reaper. The hollow cheek bones, dark circle, and defeated expression in the eyes being the giveaway.

If you would like more information or reference images please let me know!